# End-User License Agreement (EULA) for the StarLight theme
## License Grant
graceful.code.design (graceful.code.design@gmail.com) hereby grants you a personal/organization, non-transferable, non-exclusive license to use the StarLight Theme software on your devices in accordance with the terms of this EULA agreement.
You are authorized to use Plugin in accordance with the usage notes available at the plugin home page on the JetBrains Marketplace, for the period of time specified by Developer in any country where JetBrains Products are available.
# You are not permitted to
Edit, alter, modify, adapt, translate or otherwise change the whole or any part of the Software nor permit the whole or any part of the Software to be combined with or become incorporated in any other software, nor decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer the Software or attempt to do any such things.
Reproduce, copy, distribute, resell or otherwise use the Software for any commercial purpose Allow any third party to use the Software on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party. Use the Software in any way which breaches any applicable local, national or international law. Use the Software for any purpose that graceful.code.design (graceful.code.design@gmail.com) considers is a breach of this EULA agreement.

# Duration of License
Time-limited for the duration of your subscription period, in case of Paid Plugins for which You pay an annual or monthly subscription fee. <br><br>
The license is free and renewable for one day in case of plugin that is offered at no cost, as long as the latest version of the plugin is also free. However, if the latest version of the plugin is paid and an old version is free, the license can not be renewed, and it is not allowed to use the old version.<br>

# Intellectual Property and Ownership
graceful.code.design (graceful.code.design@gmail.com) shall at all times retain ownership of the Software as originally downloaded by you and all subsequent downloads of the Software by you. The Software (and the copyright, and other intellectual property rights of whatever nature in the Software, including any modifications made thereto) are and shall remain the property of graceful.code.design (graceful.code.design@gmail.com).<br><br>
graceful.code.design (graceful.code.design@gmail.com) shall at all times retain ownership of the Software as originally downloaded by you and all subsequent downloads of the Software by you. The Software (and the copyright, and other intellectual property rights of whatever nature in the Software, including any modifications made thereto) are and shall remain the property of graceful.code.design (graceful.code.design@gmail.com).<br><br>
ALL PLUGINS ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES. USE OF PLUGINS IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. DEVELOPER MAKES NO WARRANTY AS TO PLUGIN’S USE OR PERFORMANCE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, DEVELOPER DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, WITH REGARD TO PLUGINS, AND THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SUPPORT SERVICES. DEVELOPER DOES NOT WARRANT THAT PLUGINS ARE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, OR CORRECT; THAT PLUGIN MEETS YOUR REQUIREMENTS; THAT PLUGINS WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION, UNINTERRUPTED, OR SECURE; THAT ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED; OR THAT PLUGINS ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.<br><br>
IN NO EVENT WILL DEVELOPER BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT COSTS, LOSSES, OR DAMAGES ASSOCIATED WITH THE USE OF DEVELOPER’S PLUGINS.<br><br>
DEVELOPER SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED, AND IN NO EVENT WILL DEVELOPER’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OF PLUGIN EXCEED THE FEES WHICH YOU PAID VIA JETBRAINS PLUGIN MARKETPLACE SERVICE FOR PLUGINS IN THE ONE-MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE CLAIM. THIS LIMITATION WILL APPLY EVEN IF DEVELOPER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THE LIABILITY EXCEEDING THE AMOUNT AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY. JETBRAINS’ LIABILITY IS EXCLUDED IN ITS ENTIRETY AS JETBRAINS IS NOT A PARTY TO THE CONTRACTUAL RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN DEVELOPER AND CUSTOMER.<br><br>
